README.md, before:

<h1 align="center">Covid Companion Responsive Website Project</h1>

Project Description

Navigation Buttons

Project preview/showcase

## User Experience (UX)

- ### User stories

- ### Design

* ### Wireframes
    
## Features

### Current Pages & Features

### To Do List
#### MUST DO
- Get button on accordion and test on iphone
	- If it works then style accordion properly
	- look in to fix where one accordion is open all others close
	- Add mailto: & tel: around contact info
- ~~Form validation~~ - **Implemented 15/04/20**
	- ~~checking if email exists already on register~~
	- ~~check that passwords match on register~~
	- ~~check if email exists on login aswell as password~~
    - ~~Setup Flash error responses~~
- ~~Add autofill values on forms from session information~~ - **Implemented 15/04/20**
- Get content and styling for 404 pages, 500 pages, access denied pages and not your post pages
- Hero image for home page
- Content for home page
- Add content and styling for dashboard
- ~~Create edit profile page~~ - **Implemented 16/04/20**
- Complete README.md
- ~~Fix site wide console error of id not being detected caused by eventlistenerID in main.js.~~ - **Implemented 15/04/20**
- ~~Fix border radius bug that appears on iphones with all input field border radius visible.~~ - **Implemented 15/04/20**
- Add more commenting on all code
	- Specifically the app.py file
- Fix bug on Edge & explorer with label width stretching across whole screen.

#### PRIORITY
- Auto login when user creates account rather than redirecting to login page
- Add create account button on login form

#### IF HAVE TIME
- Redo navbar with active class method from stackoverflow - use Refact in git commit
- Rewrite JS for hiding and showing order number with jQuery to fade in and out.
- Helpers pulsing, add with display absolute or relative and only show on larger screen devices.
- Make sign up form button not clickable until user confirms they are over 18
- Filter by county section
- For email, instead of doing basic herf, toggle modal that gives option to copy email to clipboard OR mailto:
	- or just copy to clipboard and get rid of href="mailto:"
###### Last Updated: 10:12pm GMT - 16/04/20 

### Features Left to Implement
##### These are features that have not been added at the time of development due to various reasons such as time limitations.

## Technologies Used

### Languages Used

### Frameworks, Libraries & Programs Used

## Testing

### Testing User Stories from User Experience (UX) Section

### Further Testing

### Known Bugs

## Deployment

## Credits

### Code

### Content

### Media

### Acknowledgements

Commit message:

Style: completed styling for give-help page accordion (except the buttons), fixed issue on 403 & not-your-post where button was being pushed underneath footer on smaller sized devices & also updated to do list in README.md file

README.md, after:

<h1 align="center">Covid Companion Responsive Website Project</h1>

Project Description

Navigation Buttons

Project preview/showcase

## User Experience (UX)

- ### User stories

- ### Design

* ### Wireframes
    
## Features

### Current Pages & Features

### To Do List
#### MUST DO
- ~~Get button on accordion and test on iphone~~ - **Implemented 18/04/20**
	- ~~If it works then style accordion properly~~
	- ~~look in to fix where one accordion is open all others close~~
	- ~~Add mailto: & tel: around contact info~~
- ~~Form validation~~ - **Implemented 15/04/20**
	- ~~checking if email exists already on register~~
	- ~~check that passwords match on register~~
	- ~~check if email exists on login aswell as password~~
    - ~~Setup Flash error responses~~
- ~~Add autofill values on forms from session information~~ - **Implemented 15/04/20**
- ~~Get content and styling for 404 pages, 500 pages, access denied pages and not your post pages~~ - **Implemented 18/04/20**
- Hero image for home page
- Content for home page
- ~~Add content and styling for dashboard~~ - **Implemented 17/04/20**
- ~~Create edit profile page~~ - **Implemented 16/04/20**
- Complete README.md
- ~~Fix site wide console error of id not being detected caused by eventlistenerID in main.js.~~ - **Implemented 15/04/20**
- ~~Fix border radius bug that appears on iphones with all input field border radius visible.~~ - **Implemented 15/04/20**
- Add more commenting on all code
	- Specifically the app.py file

#### PRIORITY
- Auto login when user creates account rather than redirecting to login page
- Add create account button on login form
- Fix bug on Edge & explorer with label width stretching across whole screen.
- For email in footer, instead of doing basic herf, toggle modal that gives option to copy email to clipboard OR mailto:

#### IF HAVE TIME
- Redo navbar with active class method from stackoverflow - use Refact in git commit
- Rewrite JS for hiding and showing order number with jQuery to fade in and out.
- Helpers pulsing, add with display absolute or relative and only show on larger screen devices.
- Make sign up form button not clickable until user confirms they are over 18
- Filter by county section
- Create update password page where they need to put in old password, new password and confirm new password.
- Setup so that all information doesnt dissapear if login or signup is unnsuccessful, only passwords dissappear.

###### Last Updated: 14:02pm GMT - 18/04/20 

### Features Left to Implement
##### These are features that have not been added at the time of development due to various reasons such as time limitations.

## Technologies Used

### Languages Used

### Frameworks, Libraries & Programs Used

## Testing

### Testing User Stories from User Experience (UX) Section

### Further Testing

### Known Bugs

## Deployment

## Credits

### Code

### Content

### Media

### Acknowledgements
